reviewer suggestions (#92)
arfc/pride: publications/abstracts/reservoir-computing-abs/background.tex

their simplicity is balanced by the need for carefully chosen hyperparameters
for the desired task \cite{lukosevicius_practical_2012}.
Accurate renewable energy forecasts with \glspl{ESN} could enable new load
following strategies for nuclear power plants. The required prediction accuracy

> is related to the kinetics of a specific reactor. Each reactor design has a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is related to the kinetics and dynamics of the specific reactor. Each reactor design has
```

> characteristic response time that depnds on neutron generation and xenon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characteristic response times that depend on, for example, their mean neutron generation 
time ($\Lambda$) or xenon
```

> transient times. We are interested in predictions that are far enough in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transient behavior. We are interested in predictions that are far enough in the
```
